#### Getting ready for Python
   Operating Systems: manage everything on your computer.
   
   Kernel: main core of the operating systems
   
   User Space: everythng outside of the kernel
   
   os = kernel + user space

#### Windows,macos, linux

#### Interpreted vs Compiled Languages

Compiled languages: process to convert code in machine code.
Interpreted languages: execute code directly.



##### __init___

 You need to create a class to be defined as a module.


#### Benefits of Automation

    A tool that can increase your productivity.
    Scalability when more work is addedd to the system, the system
    can grow without problem.
  
     
#### Pitfails

    Is the time and the effort it i'll take to write.
[time_to_automate < (time_to_perfom * amount_of_times_done)]

    
    
#### Reading and writing files

    Interact with file systems, data stored in files, directory or files
    Tree structures.

    Absolute path: /home/user/file.txt
    Relative path: file.txt

    File descriptor: A token,generated by the OS, that allows
    programs to do more operations with the file

    Open-close pattern.

#### Iterating through Files

    Read content file, with python
 
    with open("file.txt") as file:
        for line in file:
            print(line.strip())

    Read file into a list

    with open("file.txt") as file:
        lines = file.readlines()
    
    Writting

    with open("file.txt", "w") as file:
        file.write("Hello World")
    
    os.getcwd()
    os.mkdir("new_folder")
    os.chdir("new_folder")
    os.rmdir("new_folder") // only if the folder is empty
    os.listdir("sites) // return string
    
    for name in os.listdir("sites"):
        fullname = os.path.join("sites", name)
        if os.path.isdir(fullname):
            print(name)
        else:
            print(name)

    
#### Module csv

    import cv
    Read a csv file
    f = open("file.csv", "w")
    csv_f = csv.reader(f)
    for row in csv_f:
        name, phone, role = row
    f.close()

    Write a csv file
    with open(" file.csv", "w") as file:
        writer = csv.writer(file)
        writer.writerow(["name", "phone", "role"])

    DictReader: return each data into a dictionary

    with open('software.csv') as software:
        reader = csv.DictReader(software)
        for row in reader:
            print(row['name'])

    users = [{"name" :"John","username" :"john123"},
             {"name" :"Mary","username" :"mary123"}]
    keys = ["name", "username"]

    with open('users.csv', 'w') as csvfile:
        writer = csv.DictWriter(csvfile, fieldnames=keys)
        writer.writeheader()
        for user in users:
            writer.writerow(user)


#### Regular Expressions

    A search query expressed by type of pattern.
